# Question

## Q
The company should not be held responsible for failing to correct the control-panel problem that cause the accident. Although the problem had been mentioned earlier in a safety inspector's report, companies receive hundreds of reports of such problems, and Industry Standard No 42. requires action on these problem only when an accident is foreseeable.

If the second sentence in the paragraph above is factually correct, the answer to which of the following question is most relevant in helping to determine whether or not the company violated Industry Standard No. 42 when it failed to correct the control-panel problem?

## Choices
a) Was the accident serious?  

b) Was the control-panel problem a type that is known to indicate that an accident is likely?  

c) Since the accident, has the company done a special safety check on all control panels?  

d) Did the safety inspector mention more than one problem in the same report?  

e) How long was the control panel in use before the problem was discovered?  



# Analysis (TBD)

Main Conclusion: Company not responsible for failure which caused the accident

Evidence:  
* Companies get 100+ reports
* Requires action only when foreseeable
* Inspector mentioned the problem of the control-panel in his/her report

Question: what would help answer if the company violated the standards?

Prediction:
if foreseeable, then they violate the standard. Otherwise, it doesn't.

a) Does not reference foreseeable events. Therefore, this is not relevant.  

b) `Was the control-panel problem a type that is known to indicate that an accident is likely?` Answer the question: Yes it is. Therefore, it was foreseeable. Because it was foreseeable, then it violates the standards.

# Correct Answer

b) Was the control-panel problem a type that is known to indicate that an accident is likely?  

# Statistics
P+: 89  
total: 1,135,982  
years: 89-92

# Additional Resources