# Question

## Q
Riothamus, a fifth-century king of the Britons was betrayed by an associate, fought bravely against the Goths but was defeated, and disappeared mysteriously. Riothamus's activities, and only those of Riothamus, match almost exactly those attributed to King Arthur. Therefore, Riothamus must be the historical model for the legendary King Arthur.

The argument above requires at least one additional premise. Which of the following could be such a required premise.

## Choices
a) Modern historian have documented the activities of Riothamus better than those of any other fifth-century king.

b) The stories told about King Arthur are not strictly fictitious but are based on a historical person and historical events.

c) Riothamus' associates were the authors of the original legends about King Arthur.

d) Legends about the fifth century usually embellish and romanticize the actual conditions of the lives of fifth-century nobility

e) Posterity usually remembers legends better than it remembers the actual historical events on which they are based.

# Analysis (TBD)

Main Conclusion: Riothamus must be the historical model for King Arthur. This is a comparison conclusion.

Evidence:  
* Riothamus was betrayed by an associate  
* Riothamus fought bravely against the Goths but was defeated  
* Riothamus disappeared mysteriously. Riothamus's  * Riothamus's activities match King Arthur's activities  


Question: Need one more premise. You need a necessary assumption. Without out it, the conclusion would break. 

Prediction: Which activities of King Arthur did they document to do the comparison?


a) **Modern historian have documented the activities of Riothamus better than those of any other fifth-century king.** This is probably the trick answer because you get activities, but about the wrong person.

b) **The stories told about King Arthur are not strictly fictitious but are based on a historical person and historical events.** This explain the activities of King Authur. You need this premise to do the comparison.

c) **Riothamus' associates were the authors of the original legends about King Arthur.** Not relevant for comparing the each other.

d) **Legends about the fifth century usually embellish and romanticize the actual conditions of the lives of fifth-century nobility.** Not relevant for comparing the each other.

e) **Posterity usually remembers legends better than it remembers the actual historical events on which they are based.** Not relevant for comparing the each other.

# Correct Answer

b) The stories told about King Arthur are not strictly fictitious but are based on a historical person and historical events.

# Statistics
P+: 66
total: 1,135,982  
years: 89-92

# Additional Resources