# Question

## Q
A worldwide ban on the production of certain ozone-destroying chemicals would provide only an illusion of protection. Quantities of such chemicals, already produced exists as coolants in millions of refrigerators. When they reach the ozone layer in the atmosphere, their action cannot be halted. So there is no way to prevent these chemicals from damaging the ozone layer.

Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument above.

## Choices
a) It is impossible to measure with accuracy the quantity of ozone-destroying chemicals that exists as coolants in refrigerators.

b) In modern societies, refrigeration of food is necessary to prevent unhealthy and potentially life threatening conditions.

c) Replacement chemicals that will not destroy ozone have not yet been developed and would be more expensive than the chemicals now used as coolants in the refrigerators.

d) Even if people should give up the use of refrigeration, the coolants already in existing refrigerators are a threat to atmosphere ozone.

e) The coolants in refrigerators can be fully recovered at the end of the useful life of the refrigerator and reused.

# Analysis (TBD)

Main Conclusion: No way to prevent these chemicals from damaging the ozone layer. This is a simple belief.

Evidence:  
* worldwide ban on the production of certain ozone-destroying chemicals would provide only an illusion of protection   
* Quantities of such chemicals, already produced exists as coolants in millions of refrigerators    
* When they reach the ozone layer in the atmosphere, their action cannot be halted  


Question: most seriously weakens the argument?

Prediction:
How to not damage the ozone layer?

* Certainty vs Possibility
    * Can we avoid sending chemicals to ozone layer in the atmosphere?
* False Dichotomy
    1. Damage Ozone Layer
    2. No Damage to Ozone Layer
    3. Improved Ozone layer


a) It is impossible to measure with accuracy the quantity of ozone-destroying chemicals that exists as coolants in refrigerators.

b) **In modern societies, refrigeration of food is necessary to prevent unhealthy and potentially life threatening conditions.** Not Relevant

c) **Replacement chemicals that will not destroy ozone have not yet been developed and would be more expensive than the chemicals now used as coolants in the refrigerators.** Not Relevant

d) **Even if people should give up the use of refrigeration, the coolants already in existing refrigerators are a threat to atmosphere ozone.** strengthen

e) **The coolants in refrigerators can be fully recovered at the end of the useful life of the refrigerator and reused.** This implies there is no damage to the ozone layer.

# Correct Answer

e) The coolants in refrigerators can be fully recovered at the end of the useful life of the refrigerator and reused.

# Statistics
P+: 52
total: 1,135,982  
years: 89-92

# Additional Resources