# Question

## Q
When an ospery(a fish-eating hawk) returns from fishing to its nesting area with a fish like an alewife, a pollack, or a smelt, other osperys will retrace its flight path in hopes of good fishing. There is seldom such a response if the first bird brings back is a winter flounder. Yet osperys feed on winter flounder just as readily as any other fish. 

Which of the following, if true, contributes most to an explanation of the fishing behavior of ospery as it is described above?

## Choices
a) Osperys are seldom able to catch alewives, pollack, or smelt

b) Alewives, pollack, and smelt move in schools. but winter flounder do not

c) Winter flounder prefer shallower water than do alewives, pollack, or smelt.

d) Winter flounder and pollack exhibit protective coloration, but alewives and smelt do not.

e) Osperys that live in nesting areas are especially successful fishers.

# Analysis (TBD)

Question Type: Explain 

* If osperys see another ospery eating alewife, pollack, or smelt, then the ospery retraces the steps of the other ospery to find.
* If osperys see another ospery eating winter flounder then the ospery will rarely retrace steps.

* **surprising** : Yet, Ospery feed just on winter flounder just as readily as on any other fish


a) **Why do ospery eat winter flounder when they don't retrace other ospery steps? Osperys are seldom able to catch alewives, pollack, or smelt.** 

b) **Why do ospery eat winter flounder when they don't retrace other ospery steps? Alewives, pollack, and smelt move in schools. but winter flounder do not.** 

c) **Why do ospery eat winter flounder when they don't retrace other ospery steps? Winter flounder prefer shallower water than do alewives, pollack, or smelt.** 

d) **Why do ospery eat winter flounder when they don't retrace other ospery steps? Winter flounder and pollack exhibit protective coloration, but alewives and smelt do not.** 

e) **Why do ospery eat winter flounder when they don't retrace other ospery steps? Osperys that live in nesting areas are especially successful fishers.** 

# Correct Answer

b) Alewives, pollack, and smelt move in schools. but winter flounder do not

# Statistics
P+: 54
total: 1,135,982  
years: 89-92

# Additional Resources